this project is all about producing ascii art that is ascii representation on a server, but i donot know how to structure it, how to run on a server, how to make it communicate with my ascii art the previous work i have done so what i want is you showing what i need to know and how and why is it suppose to be so; this is the project i am talking about 

Ascii-art-web consists in creating and running a server, in which it will be possible to use a web GUI (graphical user interface) version of your last project, ascii-art.

Your webpage must allow the use of the different banners:

    shadow

    standard

    thinkertoy

Implement the following HTTP endpoints:

    GET /: Sends HTML response, the main page.
    1.1. GET Tip: go templates to receive and display data from the server.

    POST /ascii-art: that sends data (text and specified banner) to the Go server.
    2.1. POST Tip: use form and other types of tags to make the post request.

The way you display the result from the POST is up to you. What we recommend are one of the following :

    Display the result in the route /ascii-art after the POST is completed. So going from the home page to another page.

    Or display the result of the POST in the home page. This way appending the results in the home page.

The main page must have:

    a text input field

    radio buttons, select object or another method to switch between banners

    a button that sends a POST request to '/ascii-art' and displays the result on the page.

HTTP status code

Your endpoints must return appropriate HTTP status codes.

    200 OK, if everything went without errors.

    404 Not Found, if nothing is found, for example templates or banners.

    400 Bad Request, for incorrect requests.

    500 Internal Server Error, for unhandled errors.

In the root project directory create a README.MD file with the following sections and contents:

    Description

    Authors

    Usage: how to run

    Implementation details: algorithm

Instructions

    HTTP server must be written in Go.

    HTML templates must be in the project root directory templates.

    The code must respect the good practices.
